First solution:
Treat the lower N bits of the day as a bit mask that represents knowledge.
The rule: if the light is shining on day N then it is CERTAIN that the prisoners
whose numbers are the positive bits in the lower N bits of the bitvector representation
of the number N were ALREADY IN THE CELL.
A prisoners knowledge of the situation can be thought of as a bitvector of size N
about which prisoners he knows were already in the cell.
When a prisoner comes in at day N and sees the light on then he understands that
the prisoners that are represented by N-1 (since the light was left on by the
prisoner of the day before) were already in the cell. He updates his own knowledge
with that knowledge (or'ing the bitmasks).
If the day on which he came in N, in bitvector representation, matches what he
knows (meaning that every bit which is turned on in the bitvector representation
of the number N is a prisoner for which he knows now for sure was already in the
cell) then he will leave the light on. Otherwise he will leave it off.

Problems:
It takes forever to run... 2^300 many times over... 

The problem: most days are wasted since they represent subsets which do not match
the knowledge of any particular prisoner, and whats more when they do represent
knowledge of one of the prisoners then the chance that that particular prisoner
will come in at that same day is vanishingly low.

We need to use more days to pass information. This solutino tries to pass off complete
information which is a mistake. The idea is that passing even partial information is good
enough. 

Second solution:
Whenever the light N is on it means that prisoner N has been in the room.

Same updating of prisoners knowledge as before.

This is much faster than the previous solution. It seems that for 300 prisoners
you can end the experiment at 1,000,000 days.

The question is: Can't we do it faster ?

Better solution:
Lets not give the id N to prisoner number N. Instead, each prisoner will get an ID which
is the day on which he first stepped into the room in the first 300 days. No two prisoners will
get the same id. How many prisoners will get ids the first 300 days? Well, what is the chance
that a prisoner will not enter the room in the first 300 days?
	(299/300)^300=0.36
This means that 0.64 of the prisoners will get ids AND will report them (they leave the light
on when this happens...  

The problem: what about the rest of the prisoners who did not get ids ?
They will wait till they come in and see the light off.
